Now that we have the register and I can buy cans here, if we click on register, you will see we get
an error page not found.
And the reason behind that is it is going to identity and then it is adding a parameter of page that
is not correct.
What should be the route to this register page?
If we go back to our solution here, if we examine areas we have identity and then intact pages, we
have account and register.
So if we see the navigation in underscored play out, that is kind of correct, we have the ESP area
as identity and ESP page at a county clerk in ESP interest attack happened that we use for outing with
the reserve pages.
So what is happening?
Why is it not going to the correct route right here?
The reason behind that is if you go to program Garcia's file and when we do the mapping here inside
the services, we have added controllers and we have added greater features.
But if we scroll down in the pipeline, we only have to out for controller.
So here we also have to add that you need to raise our wages only after that speech that you have here.
It will be able to map that properly.
So with that change, let's run the application one more time.
And then if you click on register, it will load the register page right here.
Perfect.
So now the razor pages are working and we can open the register and I can page.
That is great news when you're trying to register here.
You will see nothing happens.
We will fix that added in just a second.
But think about what should happen when a user is registered at that point, it should create some things
or some record inside the database tables.
But if we examine our sequel survey does not have any tables to store them.
Do not ready identity has everything done for you.
If you see in program that since we have configured the default identity and we're using entity framework
stores on the application context, so in order to add those tables, only things that you have to do
is add a migration.
So we will set add migration and Typekit call this an identity to the app.
Now, if you press enter here, you will see error message with the migration reason behind that is
migration that we are adding.
The default project is bulky, but co-EP migration should only be applied where we have DB context and
that is inside the data access.
So if you do not change the default project, you will see this added message.
Also, if you have multiple project, the start up project should be the project with those two changes.
Let's add the migration one more time.
And perfect, it added a migration.
Let's see what it added.
It is creating lots of tables right here.
The main table is Espenak Rolls that is related to roll software user and Espenak users.
That is the table where we will have all the user details for the registered users.
It also has other rules, claims and tables that are needed with the identity.
So you can see all the foundation for cables logging in, sign up.
Everything is done by default, so it will save us a bunch of time.
If we had to implement this on our own, it would have been a huge project.
So once we have the migration, all we have to do is update database to create these tables.
And perfect, that is done.
If they go back and refresh the tables, now you see lots of ESPN add tables.
And these are all identity related tables.
So with that, let's continue from the next radio.
Let me close out the taps here.
Perfect.